Title: PyCon India 2019 Vision
Date: 2019-05-03 00:00
Category: 2019
Summary: The vision of PyCon India 2019 team is to create a *responsible* and *inclusive* framework, that brings together Pythonistas from *diverse* backgrounds and provides them *multiple avenues* to interact effectively, so that *the beauty and the magic* of the community can happen.

## Responsible

As much as we want to run a great conference, we would also like to
take all possible steps to ensure that the impact on the environment
is minimized. We will take steps to ensure that food wastage is
reduced, single-use *anything* is avoided, and we will proactively
recycle waste generated during the conference.

## Inclusive

We would like to ensure that the conference approaches everyone with
respect, and that we resolve differences peacfully. In particular, we
will proactively extend our invite to women, provide support for
students, and ensure that people with disabilities feel welcome at the
conference.

## Diverse

Python as a language has become an indispensible tool, not just to
programmers, but to people from various backgrounds like system
administrators, security researchers, test automation engineers,
educators, hardware designers, doctors, scientists, mathematicians,
accountants, etc. We would like to ensure that the conference reflects
the diverse nature of the community itself. We believe that diversity
will result in cross-pollination of ideas, knowledge, and experiences,
making the conference richer, and the community stronger.

## Multiple Avenues

While talks form the core of the conference, we understand people have
different ways of expressing themselves. Some would be good at doing a
talk, others would prefer showing a demo of their work, there will
also be some others who would like to just interact by writing more
code. So apart from the talks, the conference will have posters,
workshops, dev. sprints, lightning talks, open spaces, and a lot more
ways for people to interact, and benefit from the event.

## Beauty and Magic of the Community

We all know that during the conference, people get to share their
ideas and learn from others. But that benefit is just the tip of an
ice-berg. There is lot more to it. People get inspired from other
people's work, make new friends, reconnect with old friends, get their
first job, and so on. These bonds and relationships open up doors to
endless possibilities. After the conference, the world will not be
quite the same place, and we are teaming up to make that magic happen!
